<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html">

<h:head>
	<style type="text/css">
#full {
	background: #69D2E7;
	height: 100%;
}
</style>
	<title>Library</title>

	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" />
	<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />

	<h:outputStylesheet library="css" name="hamburger.css" />


</h:head>
<h:body>

	<div class="l-site">
		<div class="l-nav">
			<nav class="nav">
			<ul>
				<li><p>
						<h:outputLink class="nav-primary" value="index.xhtml">Library</h:outputLink>
					</p></li>
				<li><p>
						<h:outputLink class="nav-primary" value="list-borrows.xhtml">Borrows</h:outputLink>
					</p></li>
				<li><p>
						<h:outputLink class="nav-primary" value="list-members.xhtml">Members</h:outputLink>
					</p></li>
				<li><p>
						<h:outputLink class="nav-primary" value="list-stock.xhtml">Stock</h:outputLink>
					</p></li>
				<li><p>
						<h:outputLink class="nav-secondary" value="add-member-form.xhtml">Add new member</h:outputLink>
					</p></li>
				<li><p>
						<h:outputLink class="nav-secondary" value="add-stock-form.xhtml">Add new item</h:outputLink>
					</p></li>
				<li><p>
						<h:outputLink class="nav-secondary" value="list-past-due.xhtml">Past due borrows</h:outputLink>
					</p></li>

				<li><h:form style="color:#ffffff">Active borrows for 
						<h:inputText class="line"
							value="#{borrowviewcontroller.days}" /> days 
<h:commandButton class="modern" value="Query"
							action="#{borrowviewcontroller.borrowedDays}"></h:commandButton>

					</h:form></li>
			</ul>

			</nav>


		</div>
		<div class="l-page">
			<div class="menu">
				<div class="menu-hamburger"></div>
			</div>
			<section class="band band-a">
			<div class="band-container">

				<div id="full">

					<h1>Library</h1>
					<h1>
						Website features
					</h1>
					<h2>Goal of the website: </h2>
					<p>The purpose of the website is to design and implement an imaginary library rental registry software using Java ServerFaces, Primefaces, and MySQL technologies. 
					Books and other multimedia materials (CDs, software) can be borrowed by registered members in the library.
					The site is used by the library manager and staff to register enrollments and check member rentals, 
					and to query members who did not return borrowed materials on time. </p>

					<h2>Main features</h2>
					<h3>Member list</h3>
					<ul>
						<li>The system keeps track of all the members of the library.</li>
						<li>Option to add new members.</li>
						<li>Search members based on name, ID, or address.</li>
						<li>Modify members' data or delete an existing member.</li>

					</ul>

					<h3>Stock inventory</h3>
					<ul>
						<li>Keep an inventory of all items in the library.</li>
						<li>Keep the status (available, borrowed) of stocks up-to-date.</li>
						<li>Search items in the inventory.</li>
					</ul>
					<h3>Borrows</h3>

					<p>Managing borrows. Members can only have 6 active items borrowed at a time, and only active members can borrow.</p>
					
					<h3>Returned stock</h3>
					<p>The user of this site can record when a stock is returned. The date of return is automatically inserted, and the number of copies also increases when a copy is returned.
</p>
					<h3>Query past due borrows</h3>
					<p>The user can query items that is borrowed to a member for the entered number of days, and still haven't been brought back.
					</p>




				</div>
			</div>
			</section>
		</div>
	</div>


</h:body>
</html>